Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
What? Oh. come on!
Thank you.
Oh. shit! Oh. fuck!
Fucking Alaska.
Get down! On your
knees now! Get down!
Okay. okay.
Okay. Yep. Oh. shit!
Oh. come on. Princess.
I'm cooperating. I'm
cooperating. okay?
Clear!
Gotcha.
Hey there. Winston.
How you been?
What?
I'm Madolyn Harris. US Marshal.
You're a hard man to track down.
A deal! I want to make a deal.
Let's make a deal.
Whoa. whoa. whoa.
whoa. whoa. whoa!
It's chicken noodle.
Throw him on the bed.
Oh. not the bedspread.
Not the bedspread.
It's crusty.
It's so... crusty.
Winston. you want
to make a deal?
Testify against Moretti.
Okay.
But I want full
immunity and lots...
and lots of protection.
All right. Let me
call it up the chain.
Okay.
It's Harris. Yup.
Clean capture.
Listen. he wants to make a deal.
Uh-huh.
Copy that. Keep me posted.
What'd they say?
Get comfy. This could
take a couple of days.
Hey. uh. I don't want
to be that guy. but...
I have to use the facilities.
Oh. come on. don't
look at me like that.
These guys literally
scared the shit out of me.
What do you expect?
Can I have some privacy?
You might run.
Okay.
But if you don't
take off these cuffs.
you're the one that's gonna
have to do the paperwork.
Hey. Bob. Jeff.
Yes. ma'am.
I have a job for you.
♪ I wanna know who ♪
♪ Who was that awhile ago ♪
♪ You see. when I came in ♪
♪ Somebody ran out
of my back door ♪
♪ Had his shoes in his pocket ♪
♪ Overcoat in his hand ♪
♪ Tell me. baby ♪
♪ Who was that man ♪
♪ I wanna know who ♪
♪ Who was that awhile ago ♪
Get in.
What the hell is this?
The charter. Winston. Get in.
Okay.
It's just you say.
"We chartered a private plane."
I'm thinking Gulfstream.
thinking Learjet.
you know. Jay-Z level shit.
Thought we'd be popping
bottles full of bubbly.
Not fucking Dramamine.
That's a jet. I
never said jet.
I said we got a private plane.
and that's what this is.
- No.
- Arms.
This isn't a plane. This
is a kite with seatbelts.
Honestly. I'd rather
be on Spirit Airlines.
Well. Winston. what
do you want me to say?
Next time. hide out in
Miami. maybe you get a jet.
You go full Unabomber on me.
drag me all the way out
to snow-blow Alaska.
our options get a
little more limited.
Doubt you can even
land a jet out here.
Yeah. well. it's a little hard
to go off the grid in Miami.
Yeah. and a lot of
good that did you.
You guys go ahead. I'll
be there in a second.
- Van Sant.
- It's Madolyn.
I was starting to get worried.
Don't be. We're just
about good to go.
Is he cooperating?
- If I say no. can I tase him?
- Sure.
I'm right here.
I can hear you.
Three days in Motel Sucks.
He hasn't shut up once.
Oh. come on. You loved
every minute of it.
Don't tell me you miss
being behind a desk.
No. No. Seriously. Caroline.
Thank you for putting
me in the field again.
I know you have pushback.
Don't thank me yet. Judge
Martin recused himself.
I'll give you three
guesses who's on deck.
Stewardess. is there
a meal on this flight
or is it like just snacks?
Shut up. Winston.
Yeah. okay. Just snacks. Okay.
- You there?
- Uh. yeah. Replace with who?
- Judge hard-ass himself.
- Falco?
Yeah. I know.
And true to form.
he's not letting us push
the trial date again.
- You're kidding.
- Look. it's gonna be fine.
The team's standing by
to meet you in Anchorage.
Okay.
We'll be there in about...
We should be there in
about 90 minutes or so.
- Where'd he go?
- Good.
Moretti's lawyers are trying
to run out the clock on us.
but I've done the math.
We could still make New
York by morning. okay?
- Just get going.
- Yeah.
All right. Call
me from Anchorage.
By the book. okay?
Don't embarrass us.
I gotta run.
So. any inflight entertainment
or do you know party tricks?
Deputy Harris? Daryl Booth.
Hope you like flying.
Beautiful day for it.
I gotta say. I normally
don't let my passengers
board before me.
It's for your own safety.
Ooh! No kidding?
What you packing
there. a Glock or...
We're in a bit of
a rush. Mr. Booth.
Yes. ma'am.
You sure you don't wanna ride
in the back there with him?
Absolutely not.
Yeah. it's just tough with
all the sexual tension.
I only meant. uh...
shouldn't somebody
be watching him?
Oh. he's restrained.
Mr. Booth.
He's not going
anywhere. Trust me.
Okay. Hey. you're
the boss. I just...
I never flew a fugitive before.
Witness.
- What?
- Shut up. Winston.
I'm a cooperating
government witness.
- not a fugitive.
- Winston.
No. I'm just saying.
technically. we're
all on the same side.
Not another word.
All right. well.
we're looking at moderate
clouds and light wind.
And I'd appreciate if you
didn't address the prisoner.
Yes. ma'am.
Sorry. I just...
I never flew a US
Marshal before. neither.
I did fly Marshall
Faulk once. though.
That was real cool.
All right. Anchorage Center.
November 208. uniform. uniform.
Ready for departure on
Crooked Creek. runway 34.
Roger that. November
208. uniform. uniform.
Clear for takeoff. runway 34.
- Ready to go?
- Yup.
Whee...
Is it always this bumpy?
♪ How does it feel ♪
♪ To treat me like you do ♪
♪ When you've laid
your hands upon me ♪
You're not digging the music?
Yeah. I know. But up here.
you got to have some tunes
to drown out the
wind and the wolves.
See? She gets it.
It's always turbulent up here.
It should even out once
we hit about 3.000 feet.
If you feel sick. don't worry.
You know. the
number of passengers
have left their lunch up here?
- Hello?
- I could open a snack bar.
Hello? Hello!
Can you guys even hear me?
What if I need to take a piss?
You a smoker?
- No. I quit.
- I'll take one.
Yeah. it ain't the same. huh?
Your neck okay?
- You got a scratch there.
- Oh.
Maintenance.
Occupational hazard.
Come on. Oh. come on.
- Why is he in chains?
- Come on!
He said he was a witness.
Why is he all chained up?
Because he's a flight risk.
I thought he said you two
were on the same side.
He's a liar.
What'd he do?
Okay. Forget I asked.
You gotta understand
my usual haul is a
drunken fishing party
or a bunch of suits trying
to experience true nature.
Golly gee. I'm just
a local yokel pilot.
I sure never seen a girl
as purdy as you
from the big city.
You been flying long?
Yeah. my dad is a
crop duster in Texas.
I got DDT in my blood.
Well. thank you. I'm very
uptight. controlling.
I'd love to be in a
relationship with you
so I could completely control...
Well. that would work
just fine for me.
If we were cousins.
we'd already be married.
I came up here doing
summer charters
maybe 15 years ago.
Never left.
I'm rambling. Sorry.
My ex always said I talk
too much. I'm sorry.
Beautiful. ain't it?
That. it is.
Yeah. you getting used to it.
Oh. hell.
- Everything okay?
- Yeah. it's fine.
Nothing to worry about.
This piece of crap keeps
shorting out on me.
There's no GPS?
It's no big deal. really.
I mean. it happens twice a week.
It's not serious. I fly
this route all the time.
75 minutes from now.
we'll be on the ground.
and you and your
friend or witness.
be on your way to
Seattle. I promise.
You don't think we
should turn back?
No. heck no. I mean.
it's your call.
I mean. I get paid either way.
There's some weather
moving in from the north.
We head back now.
it's probably gonna
ground us for a few hours.
75 minutes.
I know the way. I'm
gonna get you there.
How long you been
with the Marshals?
Uh. seven. almost eight years.
- You like it?
- It has its moments.
Whoa! What the shit was that?
We're all good.
- Sorry.
- Oh. it's okay.
Bird strike is all.
Not a big deal.
Unless you the bird.
Yeah. I better get
a little higher
in case there's more.
Well. can't go too
high or I'll pass out.
- You good?
- Is the plane...
Ah. the plane's fine.
I'm gonna have to
spend my evening
scrubbing blood off of it.
but could have been worse.
Could have been a prop chop.
I'd be picking feathers out
of the intakes all week.
Look at her. Ain't she great?
Dancing for your entertainment.
Oh. come on now.
She's resilient.
Yeah. I know.
Look at me with them
ten dollar words. right?
Don't tell nobody.
But the fact is.
she just keeps dancing
through all the bumps
and turns and turbulence.
Nothing fazes her.
Gotta admire a gal like that.
Oh. shit.
Hey. Hey! Hey!
Can you hear me?
Oh. Christ. Uh...
Uh...
Oh. what do I do? Um...
- Hey!
- What was that?
- I... I need to talk to you.
- What?
Uh. I... I dropped
something...
Uh. on the floor by
my... by my foot.
- You'll deal.
- No. no. no. no. no. no!
I... I also don't feel well.
I don't care.
Winston. Suck it up.
No. it's like I feel really bad.
Like I got a bad feeling.
I think we should turn around.
Just take some deep
breaths. Winston.
You'll be fine.
- What's wrong with him?
- Says he feels sick.
Oh. shit.
Here.
Try to keep it in the bag.
Okay.
What'd I tell you?
One on every flight.
What's our ETA?
About an hour-ish. Soon.
When are we gonna see
civilization again?
Oof. Around these parts?
Not until final approach.
How'd you know about Seattle?
- What?
- Earlier.
You said you'd have us
on our way to Seattle
before we knew it.
How'd you know that's
where we're headed?
Well. shit. Where
else can you go?
You ain't no Alaskan.
I can tell you that.
Ain't no way you're staying
in Anchorage. No offense.
In fact. if I had to guess.
I'd say you got
that Yankee blood.
Not much of an accent. but...
you remind me of this gal
I used to fiddle with.
Can I radio ATC on these?
I need to check in.
- Already?
- Protocol.
Yeah. All right. Sure.
Anchorage Center.
November 208. uniform. uniform.
Come in.
Come in. Anchorage Center.
This is November 208.
uniform. uniform. Over.
- Anchorage Center?
- Nothing?
Must be the. uh. mountains
blocking the signal.
Should be fine in
another few minutes.
Oh. fuck.
Kinda spooky. huh?
Local pilots call
this Eskimo soup.
The flying community up here
must be a pretty small group.
Mm.
You must know the pilot who
flew me up here last week.
Uh. Jani... Janikowski?
Janikowski? Oh.
sure. Great guy.
Man. one time up in Nome.
he and I got our hands on
some nitrous and
a welding torch.
Well. like I said. great guy.
Yeah. Seemed like it.
Except she's a woman.
Hmm. Oh. you mean his sister.
And believe me.
I could tell you some
stories about her. too.
Well. you're not really
buying that. now are you?
I knew you were gonna be fun.
No. no. no. no. no! Don't
shoot him! We need him!
Oh. shit!
Yeah. Yeah.
He's got a knife!
Easy now. I don't
wanna kill ya.
A cold body isn't any fun.
What the...
I love it when they
play hard to get.
Yeah. You wanna play rough?
Ruff. ruff.
Oh. yeah. You're
gonna be a party. huh?
Yeah.
Oh. shit! Oh. fuck! Oh.
shit! Oh. fuck! Oh. shit!
Hey. shut the fuck up!
Mr. Moretti is very
disappointed in you. Winston.
and he wants you dead.
I haven't told them anything.
I didn't say one word.
I swear to God. I
didn't say one word.
I know. Winston. stop. Stop.
Stop. I know.
I know. man. You
haven't said a word.
- I didn't say anything.
- Yeah. And now you never will.
Uh... I can pay you.
Come on. brother.
Have a little
self-respect. will you?
I'm serious. A million
dollars in crypto.
Completely untraceable.
You gotta let me go.
Do I look like the kind of guy
who deals in fucking crypto?
Fine. Then. uh. cash.
Whatever. Hell.
what does it matter?
We're talking about a
million dollars here.
Oh. yeah? You got all that
just squirreled away. huh?
I was Moretti's accountant.
so. yeah. I skimmed.
A million dollars? You
got some fucking balls.
Do you have any idea
how much money I
hid for that man?
'Cause he sure doesn't.
You wouldn't believe how
many people got a taste.
This one guy in
Sankaty. Massachusetts
got $25.000 a month. for years.
All you have to do is
just let me walk away.
- That's it. huh?
- That's it.
Look. what was your plan?
You were gonna fly us to
some abandoned airstrip
and leave us for the wolves?
No. Bears more likely.
This time of year.
And only after
we've had our fun.
You get the picture?
Okay. But here's the thing.
Who's gonna know? Right?
I mean. I will
disappear forever.
You get to say you did your job.
plus you get a million
extra bucks in your pocket.
It's a win-win.
Wow.
And her?
What about her?
Look at her.
If you walk away.
she's still gonna die.
And then she's gonna
die because of you.
Oh. you have it in you.
huh? To cut her loose?
Just like that?
Oh. you didn't need
those. did you?
Not anymore.
You still look like a pussy.
You know what the difference
between me and you is. Twig?
I don't know. A
million dollars?
Ah!
Fuck! Oh. my God!
Have some fucking
decorum. you hear me?
I'm trying to have a nice time.
Don't you dare
fucking disrupt that.
I hear you. I hear you.
I do this for fun.
I do this for free.
Titty twister. You like that?
- We're gonna have fun.
- Mm-hmm. Okay.
Hey.
♪ How does it feel ♪
Get up. You gotta wake up.
♪ To treat me like you do ♪
If you hear me right now.
you gotta wake up right now.
♪ When you've laid
your hands upon me ♪
♪ And you... ♪
- What the...
- You okay?
Winston.
There's no air.
- There's no air in here.
- Yes. there is.
You gotta let me out of
this. You gotta let me out.
- I can't do that. Winston.
- But there's no air...
- in here.
- Yes. there is.
It is way worse getting
raped by a bald guy!
- No one's raping you.
- Oh. you wanna bet?
Did you see where
the knife went?
Oh. God!
Oh. my God! This
is how it ends?
This is how it ends for me?
We're all gonna die!
Oh. God. please!
Please. I'll be good.
I'll be a priest and shit.
Get him off! Get
him off of you.
Come on. you can do it!
Get up!
Turn around. You gotta
pull on the things!
Pull on the... Pull up!
Oh my... Ah!
Oh. shit.
Okay.
Winston.
Are you okay?
Winston!
No! I'm not okay.
I pissed myself.
What are we supposed to do?
Just let me think for a second.
- What are you looking for?
- The knife.
I need to get these off.
- Hey!
- What?
The first aid kit.
Fuck.
Come on. I can help.
Just unlock me.
- Not a chance.
- Really?
What do you think I'm gonna do?
Attack the pilot?
Fine.
- Easy.
- You know what?
You got trust issues. lady.
I got it. I got it.
Thank you.
Okay. That wasn't
so hard. was it?
We need to get him into the
back before he wakes up.
Oh. fuck that. Shoot him.
He was gonna fly
into the wilderness
and murder the shit out of us.
Nobody's killing anybody.
Besides. we might need him.
For what?
You know how to fly a plane?
Oh. he's as sure as shit
not gonna tell us how to do it.
Oh. come on.
Son of a bitch.
Need some help?
Damn it.
Thank you.
Now. do my cuffs.
You can still move in those.
- Fuck.
- Come on.
All right. No
sudden movements.
Me? It's not my fault
we're in this position.
Just pull.
Come on. Yeah.
Hold on.
Come on.
What are you doing down there?
Giving this guy a pedicure?
Fuck.
Come on. Come on.
God. I knew something
was off about this guy
from the minute he got in here.
with those redneck platitudes
and that bullshit Larry
the Cable Guy accent.
Winston. I swear to God.
if you don't shut up...
- What?
- Nothing.
Bullshit nothing. Show me.
We need to move him.
Not until you show me.
Fine.
Oh. I guess someone
did his homework.
Oh. they got pictures of you.
Oh. they got a picture of me.
Wait. Wait a second.
This is my mom's house.
- Winston.
- Oh. my God. They could...
They could hurt her.
They could kill her.
We gotta warn her.
We gotta call her and warn her.
Winston. Winston. Focus.
We can't solve anything
until we get help.
And we can't get help
until we move him
into the back. okay?
- Okay.
Okay. Okay. Sit him up.
Yeah.
- Come on. Really?
- For him.
Oh!
Cuff his hands to that
grab handle there.
Son of a bitch.
See how much you
like being cuffed up.
It's a fair fight. huh?
Okay. So...
- Oh. crap.
- Listen.
Oh. my God. We're so screwed.
Oh. my God. We are so screwed.
- Calm down.
- Oh. my God.
Calm down?
You're telling me to calm down?
My mom has never hurt
a soul in her life.
She's gonna die and
it's gonna be my fault.
Do you get that? Do you
get how that must feel?
Listen. Listen to me!
We're gonna figure
this out. okay?
Your mom is still alive.
- You don't know that.
- Yes. I do. I do know that.
I know Moretti has no leverage
over you if she's dead. right?
- Yeah. I guess.
- So I know she's still alive.
I also know that you
can't change the past.
All we can do is choose
how to respond in
this moment. okay?
So I'm gonna get on the radio
and we're gonna get help.
For us. For your mom.
And then we're gonna
get you to New York
so you can testify and
put Moretti away for good.
But...
Where the hell are we?
At least. let me sit
up there with you.
Come on. I can help.
You really want to help? How
did you know about Daryl?
Just trying to keep us alive.
- Come on.
- Thank you.
You piss yourself again.
I'm sending you back.
That's all right. I'm empty.
Hello. Is anyone receiving me?
Can anyone hear me?
Mayday. Mayday. Mayday.
They're gonna send
someone to find us. right?
I mean. when we don't show up?
Oh. we're showing up.
Oh. yeah. no. we're
showing up. For sure.
But. uh. if we don't. they
know our route. right?
Our route? There's no way he
was taking us to Anchorage.
Yeah. you know.
I'm really starting
to question his honesty.
But look. there's
gotta be some way
they could locate us. right?
Like an emergency signal
or like a black
box or something?
Winston. the radio. the GPS.
he didn't want us to be found.
Hello. Can anybody read me?
- We're gonna crash.
- Mayday. Mayday.
Quiet. No we're not.
Can anybody hear me?
I'm on a plane and I need help.
Help. Help.
Say again?
Yes. Hello. Can you hear me?
I can hear you.
Yeah. I read you. Say again.
Help. I need help.
This is an aviation frequency.
Yes. I know. I'm on a plane.
You don't sound like a pilot.
No. I'm... I'm not.
My pilot. he...
- Still there? Hello?
- He's in...
He's incapacitated.
Unconscious.
I'm flying his plane
and I don't know what I'm doing.
- All right. I get it.
- Hello?
Frank put you up
to this. didn't he?
You're kidding. right?
What? No. I'm not kidding.
Please give me some help.
Oh. Oh. Oh. shit.
I'm sorry. okay.
Okay. First thing's first.
Um. did you engage your pilot?
What the fuck is he saying?
Yes. Yes. it's on.
Okay. that'll maintain your
heading and keep you level.
Just keep your hands
off the yokes for now.
What's your altitude?
Can you see?
It should be a big
gauge right in front.
Can you hear me?
Three. 3000 feet.
Okay. you're a little low.
but we're not going to
worry about that yet.
What's your location?
Uh. somewhere between
Bethel and Anchorage.
I don't know. All
I see is mountains.
I think we may have drifted
pretty far off course here.
Okay. well. I can't be too
far away if I can... you.
Can you see any landmarks?
You're breaking up a
little. Can you say again?
I said...
- Damn it. come on. Hello?
- Hello...
Hello? Hello?
- Hello? Can anybody hear me?
- He'll call it in. right?
Wait. what did you say?
He's got to call in
the situation.
right. the pilot guy?
He's got to call it in.
What?
Madolyn. Where'd you
leave your brain?
- Out here?
- It's a satellite phone.
Doesn't use cell towers.
Come on. Come on.
- Madolyn?
- Caroline.
Oh. God! Oh. thank God.
Listen.
You can't be in
Anchorage already.
No. no. no. We're
still in the air.
We've been compromised.
I can barely hear you.
Mads. Hello? Hello?
Hang on.
Hey. Chet. drop the muffin.
please. and get over here.
The rest of you
shut the fuck up.
We've been compromised.
The pilot wasn't
who he says he was.
- He's one of Moretti's.
- You think?
Wait. what?
I caught him in a lie
and he tried to knife me.
- Are... Are you hurt?
- I'm fine.
He's unconscious and
restrained in the back.
- And the witness?
- Winston. he's fine.
Yeah. never been
better. Thanks.
Mads. question. Who's
flying the plane?
- I am.
- You?
I'm flying this plane and I
don't know what I'm doing.
Okay. Okay.
Well. we just need to stay calm.
I'm calm.
All right. so you
are flying the plane
and just so I understand it.
- How exactly?
- It's on autopilot.
We're sort of cruising
in a straight line.
I think he sabotaged
the navigation.
Sims. see if we can
track her on radar.
- Yes. ma'am.
- I need someone to help me
- fly this thing.
- Yup. we're gonna find
your pilot who's gonna walk
you through it. Sit tight.
Smith. get me a fucking pilot.
Okay. I'll wait for his call.
- Hey. hey. hey. My mom.
- Oh. yes. yes.
You need to send some officers
over to Winston's
mother's house. okay?
She may be in danger.
Okay. all right. Don't
worry. We're on it.
- I will call you back.
- Okay.
- So?
- Finding us a pilot.
Hey!
Y'all need a pilot?
Hot damn! That
taser's no joke.
We like our pilots crispy.
Tell me how to fly this thing.
Um. no.
I think I bit my tongue.
Although I was dreaming
that you were nibbling
on my nipple. Twiggy.
Was that you?
Or was that just my imagination?
Who told you we were
moving Winston today?
I'll tell you what.
Why don't you come
on back here with me.
and I'll tell you all about it.
We could play hide-the-hot dog.
Easy now.
You're awful close
with that thing.
- Makes it hard to miss.
- Shoot him now.
- Yeah.
- Do it.
Also makes it more than likely
that that bullet's gonna
pass clear through me
and into the wall behind me.
Where the fuel line
and the fuel tank is.
You could put a hole in it.
Or it could ricochet around
right into one of you fuckheads.
Yeah.
Now. I know you ain't
much for planes.
But surely you
know a thing or two
about how bullets
work. don't you?
Yeah. Quite the
pickle. ain't it?
Okay. I'll make you
a deal. chuckles.
You tell me how
to fly this thing.
I'll let you go to
prison in peace.
Pass. Option B?
I'll put it out there that
you turned on Moretti.
And you can go to prison
looking over your shoulder
for the rest of what'll
be a very short life.
Clearly you're mistaking
me for somebody
who actually gives
a fuck about that.
I've spent every
waking day in prison
looking over my shoulder.
You get it. Twig?
- You will.
- Yeah. no. I got it.
Come on. you really
wanna die out here?
Honey. you gotta
land the plane first.
At least. tell me
your real name.
You know what's the last
thing to go through your head
before crash landing?
Your ass.
- Oh. my God. he doesn't care.
- Or maybe his.
He doesn't care whether
he lives or dies.
- I care. Twiggy.
- He doesn't care at all.
This is Harris.
- I care about you.
- Hey there.
- Deputy Harris
-We're gonna die.
My name's Hassan.
He doesn't care if
he lives or dies.
I am a pilot with air
traffic control in Anchorage.
We're all gonna die with
him in this flying coffin!
Will you shut up?
I could shut up. yes.
but it will make
it harder to help.
No. no. no. No. I
didn't mean you. I...
Hassan. Or if
you like. Hassan.
And it's all good. Deputy.
Sounds like things are
a little tense up there.
Yeah. yeah. you could say that.
Well. not to worry. We're
in this together now.
And we're going to
get you sorted out.
You got an airspeed
and altitude for me?
I... Yeah. 3.000 feet.
And airspeed is...
It should be just to the left.
With the green. yellow.
and red range on it.
Got it. Airspeed is at 120.
120 at 3.000. Roger.
And what are you
doing after this?
Excuse me?
Myself. I haven't eaten all day.
You want to have dinner with me?
Yeah. if you insist.
I mean. we should probably
focus on landing first.
You're paying. though.
Seems only fair
since you asked me.
Of course. Fair's fair.
That is a verbal commitment.
and I'm going to hold you to it.
This day's looking up
already. At least for me.
Okay. so when you're ready.
you're just going to ease
that yoke to the left.
Nice and gentle.
Okay.
- We're turning.
- Stellar.
Now. I know you're anxious
to meet me and all.
but just keep an
eye on our altitude.
Make sure you're holding steady.
Now. would you like me
to make the reservation?
You seem kind of
busy. I got this.
Now. pull back on
the yoke a little.
Okay.
- We're good.
- I have no doubt.
Now. there should be
a heading indicator.
first thing above the yoke.
looks just like a compass.
I see it.
Okay. when you hit southeast.
just straighten out the plane.
- How are you doing?
- Okay.
Straightening.
- Done.
- Stupendous.
Now. do me a favor and engage
that autopilot switch again.
- Okay.
- Fantabulous.
And you are good to go.
Keep an eye out
for the coastline.
When you hit it. we'll bank left
and follow it south
towards Anchorage.
See that? Practically
home already.
- Thank you.
- No thanks necessary.
Believe me. the drinks
you'll be buying later
will be more than enough.
- Is that right?
- Oh. yeah.
I like to drink a lot.
Noted.
I'm going to hop off now
to save your battery.
but call this number
when you spot the
coastline. okay?
Or if you just miss
the sound of my voice.
I'll be counting the moments.
You can call me
when you need me.
I'll be right here.
Just hanging around.
♪ How does it feel ♪
♪ To treat me like you do ♪
♪ You lay your hands upon me ♪
♪ Tell me who you are ♪
What were you
waiting for? Huh?
Why didn't you just
kill us and toss us out?
Fly all by my lonesome?
It ain't every day you get a
captive audience. you know.
Don't give me that.
I know people. Twig. And you?
Yeah. you like to watch.
Hey.
Hey!
If it's any consolation.
she's gonna watch. too.
It's going to be a real picnic.
Winnie.
Why don't you come on back here?
Why don't we start over. huh?
Who you want to be?
You want to be the
husband or the wife? Huh?
How come you ain't
sweet. like your mommy?
Your mommy's nice and sweet.
She's real sweet.
Just like mine.
She loved me. but she
just wouldn't shut up.
Come here. Winnie. I
wanna show you something.
You're gonna like it.
Maybe not at first.
But they always
end up liking it.
Oh. yeah.
Fuck!
Hey. Winnie.
After I kill you.
I'm gonna take the
Polaroids to show your mama.
Jesus. how does this asshole
know my mom's address?
You think Moretti had someone
in the Marshal's office?
I told that address
to the US Attorney
when we were talking about
witness protection. That's it.
I'm serious. I was careful.
No one knows that address.
Caroline.
Okay. so we're coordinating
with the military
to get search and rescue up.
It shouldn't be long now.
Now. I'm told you're a little
small and low for radar.
particularly with
all the mountains.
so I'm trying to scramble
some fighter jets.
get some extra
eyeballs out there.
Okay. we're headed
for the coast.
so maybe have them
sweep that first.
Yeah... Um. look.
there's something else.
Anchorage PD just found
what's left of Daryl
Booth in his apartment.
No eyes. no teeth. no fingers.
It sounds like someone really
took their time with him.
Someone talked. Who
knew about this op?
Uh. I mean. we had to notify
local law enforcement.
file a plan with the FAA.
alert the TSA. and...
They knew we were
moving someone.
but they didn't know who. right?
I mean. who actually
knew about Winston?
Uh. well. the US Attorney.
the Director. obviously.
- the AG. the Deputy AG.
- And you.
Well. yes. of course.
but there's no telling
who else may have
accessed that information.
Did you see that?
What the hell is that?
I need to call you back.
We're not gonna make
that. You gotta pull up.
- Oh. my God.
- Nah. nah. you're fine.
You got plenty of room left.
Pull up.
- Come on. Come on. Come on.
- Pull up. Pull up.
- You gotta pull up!
- I am. I am!
- I'm telling you. it's fine.
- Come on. damn it!
- Shit. The autopilot!
- Come on!
Whoa!
Whoa! Whoa! Whoa!
Come on. Come on.
Oh. my God!
Oh. my God.
Thank you.
Shit!
Yee-haw! How fun
was that. huh?
What a squeaker!
I don't know about you.
but I just made a Jackson
Pollock in my pants.
Hey. Winnie. Did
you make a poop?
Seriously. guys.
It's like the Museum of
Modern Art back here.
Hey. Madolyn.
I'm sure glad you
didn't kill Winston
while he was in your custody.
Oh. I'd hate for you to have
to go through that shit again.
- What is he talking about?
- Just ignore him.
Hey! What dumb fuck
put you back in the
saddle again. huh?
Seriously. what does he mean?
It means. Twig.
that I ain't the one you
should be worried about.
He doesn't know what
he's talking about.
Hey. Twiggy. I know she
killed her last prisoner.
Oh. Oh. no.
- What?
- Oh. shit. Oh. hell.
Was that supposed
to be a secret?
Oh. darling. what's the matter?
No more foreplay?
How do you know that?
Whoa.
Well. it's true. ain't it?
- Whoa.
- Answer me!
Feels good to let it out. right?
I get it. I've been
there too. baby.
You don't know what
you're talking about.
Of course I do.
Oh. you could tell
yourself you're different.
We're the same. you and me.
Fuck you.
We'll get there.
Oh. hell. come on.
I haven't even used
my safe word yet.
You know. it's "burned alive."
You still see her face? Huh?
When you close your
eyes. you do. huh?
Oh. I bet you still hear
her scream. don't you?
Her shrieks of pain.
Yeah.
Oh. I miss these little moments.
Don't stop. Come on.
you're giving me a hard on.
I hope Moretti
does come for you.
Okay. When you're ready.
Two years ago.
we caught up with this
young woman. Maria.
She'd been on the run for weeks.
and the DA convinced her to
turn against her boyfriend.
who was a cartel boss.
So we were holed up
in a shitty motel
until she could testify.
We'd been in the room
for three straight days.
and she wanted to take
a shower. unsupervised.
A moment of privacy.
It was against
protocol. but I let her.
So I shackled her to the
tub and stepped outside.
A sicario smashed
a Molotov cocktail
through the window.
I turned back and...
heat and smoke and flames and...
And I ran.
But Maria. with the
shackles. she...
she...
And they put you on a desk.
They said they didn't trust
me in the field again.
Until now. with me.
Mads. how you doing up there?
Caroline. the leak isn't from
the attorney's
office or the FBI.
It's from us. Caroline.
It's the Marshals.
All right. How did
you get to that?
Our pilot friend
knows my work history.
My personal work history.
Wait. hang on. Mads.
Everyone out.
- I need the room.
- Yes. ma'am.
Maybe we need to bring
the director in on this.
Yes. absolutely. As
soon as we get you down.
Well. how about now?
Look. the situation
is fluid at best.
We need to get you
safely on the ground
and into the hands of my team.
Your team?
Yes. You could trust them.
I vetted them myself.
You did. huh?
- What does Coleridge think?
- Why? This is my operation.
- You don't trust the director?
- Hey. I did not say that.
I'm saying that if the
leak is in our office.
as you say it is.
then we need to be careful.
We can't be sure who to trust.
You're right.
So let me get into this. okay?
You focus on getting
that plane down safely.
Mads. okay?
Yeah. I gotta go.
Hassan's calling.
Hey. How's it going up there?
Not great. huh?
You wanna talk about
it. let me know.
You can come back and
pay me another visit.
US Marshal's office.
This is Deputy Harris.
I need you to put me
through to the director.
I'm sorry. I'm afraid I can't
get a hold of him right now.
Tell him it's Deputy
Madolyn Harris calling
and that it's an emergency.
He'll know.
Director Coleridge
isn't here today. ma'am.
If you'd like. I
can put you through
to your supervisory deputy
or transfer you to
another department.
No. no. no. Listen to me.
Janine. I need to
talk to him right now.
I'm sorry. but he's...
People will die if you
don't get him on the line.
Oh. shit.
- Uh. let me see what I can do.
- Thank you.
Hey. Winston. Talk to
your mother lately?
- Ignore him.
- She's a sweet lady.
I hope she put her
dentures back in.
Janine.
Yes. ma'am. I've managed
to get a hold of
Director Coleridge.
I'm going to patch you through
to his beach house. okay?
- Yes. please. Thank you.
- One moment.
- Coleridge here.
- Sir. this is Harris.
I've been briefed.
Deputy. Where's Van Sant?
- Uh. sir. there's a leak.
- What? what?
Moretti has a mole in
the Marshal's office.
I could prove it.
And I believe that it's
Deputy Van Sant. sir.
Hello?
She went out on a
limb for you. Harris.
I... I know. I know. sir.
I'm aware of that. I...
I believe that given
my prior history.
she expected me to fail again.
Van Sant. She's in
New York. right?
That is correct.
Okay. Let me make some calls.
She has a team waiting for us.
She needs to be contained and...
I understand. Deputy.
Believe me. I'll
shut her down.
From now on. just
call me directly
at my house in Sankaty.
Deputy?
I will. Thank you. sir.
The coast. You see
it? I see the coast.
Oh. my God.
Come on.
Hassan. we see the coast.
- Ooh! Fantabulous!
- The Coast. We saw the coast.
Ha-ha! You're making
my day over here.
Well. we aim to please.
Okay. so you're going to
bank left nice and easy.
and then just follow
that coastline to east.
Okay.
Banking.
Stupendous. Now be honest.
Is that landscape not
just stunningly beautiful?
Also. how's your fuel?
Uh. fuel's at 25 gallons.
And. yeah. it's
something all right.
- Hassan?
- Yeah. sorry. I...
Did you say 25
gallons on both tanks?
Is that a problem?
No. no. no. Not a problem.
Just a data point.
Trust me. This is
good news. Deputy.
We're going to have you
on the ground in no time.
Now turn that autopilot
on and stay the course.
Okay. keep me posted.
Absolutely. I'm
here if you need.
What?
- Fuck.
- What?
Fuck!
That payoff you
told Daryl about.
Oh. you heard that?
I was bluffing.
I swear to God. I would
never sell you out.
- It's not in me to be able -
No. no. no. Winston. Winston.
You said that you were
paying some guy
25 grand a month.
Where did you say it was going?
Sankaty.
Are you sure?
I thought those payoffs
were untraceable.
Well. the accounts
are. sure. but...
A couple years ago.
I was down in Florida
when Hurricane Michael hit.
so the payments were
a few days late.
It was no big deal.
except for this one greedy idiot
sent me a transfer request
from an IP address in
Sankaty. Massachusetts.
- Why?
- Holy shit.
Come on. Come on.
Hey. Mad. what's up?
It's Coleridge. He's the leak.
What?
You gotta get out of
the office right now.
- Wait. slow down. Slow down.
- There's no time.
- Tell me about Coleridge.
- Winston handled his payoffs.
Oh. shit.
Listen to me. I called him.
Okay. and?
I'm sorry. I should
have trusted you.
Okay. What did you tell him?
That there's a leak.
That I thought...
- Just say it.
- That I thought it was you.
Thought it was me. Fuck.
I'm sorry. Look. you've
gotta get out of there.
He's coming for you.
Okay. All right.
Just focus on landing
that plane safely. okay?
- I will handle this.
- Yeah.
And Madolyn. you
know I love you.
- But thanks a lot. bitch.
- Okay.
Fuck!
Okay. what is that?
Do you see that?
- What is that?
- Yeah. yeah. yeah. I see it.
Hassan.
All ears. Deputy.
How can I help?
Uh. we see something.
It's like...
Uh... It's a... Like a boat.
- A fishing boat.
- A big ship.
- A shipwreck.
Oh. shiver me timbers.
We can work with that.
Can you see a name on it?
You gotta get me closer.
Okay. we're too high.
All right. if you
wanted to descend.
keep your pitch at
five degrees or less.
And make sure you stay
above 1.000 feet. okay?
Okay.
Uh. just a little bit closer.
Can you see a name?
Okay. okay. it says...
Fat Dancer?
- The Fat Dancer.
- The Fat...
The Fat Dancer?
That doesn't make any sense.
He took my glasses.
I don't know.
The Fat Dancer? Odd
name for a boat.
- The Fair Dancer.
- The Fair Dancer. yeah.
- That makes a lot more sense.
- The Fair Dancer.
The Fair Dancer. Got
it. okay. stand by.
We're running it past
the Coast Guard now.
Okay.
You know. I'm something
of a fair dancer myself.
I have no doubt.
Well. let's boogie.
Because the Coast
Guard ID'd the wreck.
We've got a pretty good
fix on your location.
- Yeah?
- Yes.
- They see us.
- Whoo!
We are grooving now.
Thank God.
It's a fucking
roller coaster ride.
Okay. I guess we gotta
land at some point.
Like a feather.
Now. if you'd be so kind
as to turn left to heading 120.
that should put
you into Anchorage
in about 30 minutes.
- Okay. copy.
- Here we come.
- Turning 120.
Stellar. Hold that heading.
I'll call back in
10 minutes or so.
and we can talk landings.
And the finer points of
tearing up the dance floor.
I can't wait. Thank you.
We're gonna get out of this.
We're gonna get out of it!
No. no. no. no. no. no. no. no.
Twig! Pay attention.
This is the good part.
You ever see a face turn
this color before? Huh?
No. no. no. no. no.
no. That's for later.
Oh. you know what? Let
me get that for you.
Is that better? Oh. yeah. I
think I caught a rib there.
Maybe the spleen. too.
Don't worry. You don't
need a spleen to live.
Hey. you want to
know my name. huh?
Come on. I'll give
you three guesses.
Nope. No. That's not a name.
Come on. Guess
again. Guess again.
Nope. That's not a name.
I'm only gonna give
you one more try.
Shit!
Shit! Fucking bitch!
No one cares what
your fucking name is.
All right. All
right. let me see.
- Come on. Let me see.
- Okay.
Let me see. Come on. Come on.
Okay.
- Okay. it's fine.
- It's not fine.
- You're going to be fine.
Just put some
pressure on it. okay?
All right. Let me
put one of these on.
Sorry. Another one
here. All right.
- Okay.
- All right.
There's morphine.
You want morphine?
No. I'm scared of needles.
Yeah. Fuck it. Do it.
I'm dying. Aren't I?
- No. you're not.
- Don't lie to me. I am.
You're not dying.
Don't fucking lie
to me. Please.
Listen to me. Listen to
me. You're not dying.
I'm gonna get you
out of this. okay?
You just gotta breathe.
All right. It's coming.
Oh. yeah.
Okay.
I'm feeling it a
little bit. Yeah.
- Okay. Great.
- Whoo. Whoo.
All right.
Keep pressure on it.
Thank you. by the way.
What did I do?
He would have killed me.
I told you to shoot him
when you had the chance.
Okay. keep pressure on it.
Oh. yeah.
Hello.
How are you doing up there?
Listen. Winston's been stabbed.
I... I'm sorry?
The pilot. uh. Booth.
or whatever his name is.
- he got free and stabbed him.
- Oh. my God.
And I... I shot
him with a flare.
A flare. okay.
- Hello?
- Yeah. Uh. copy. Stand by.
All right.
- Still there?
- Yeah. yeah. I'm here.
Okay. I couldn't
reach Deputy Van Sant.
What is the status
of the witness?
- Dire.
- I see.
Listen. we're gonna need some
real medical attention here.
Copy. Tarmac EMS
is on standby.
Okay. How far away are we?
About 18 to 20 minutes out.
- Is there anything faster?
- Uh...
- Hassan.
- Okay.
Technically. we can
increase your speed.
Great.
But it'll burn through
the rest of your fuel.
We have no choice.
Deputy. I need you
to understand...
Listen. if Winston...
If Winston doesn't
testify. Coleridge walks.
Moretti walks.
Understand. landing
will be more difficult.
Look. I'm not losing
him. all right?
Okay. Open up the red
handle marked "fuel mix"
and then push the
throttle all the way in.
Okay. approaching 160.
Now. keep an eye on that fuel.
I'll call you back
in a few minutes
with the landing procedure.
Okay.
All right. Winston?
Hang in there.
- I am.
- Not long now.
Winston. how are you doing?
You mean. like in general?
Uh-oh.
You're in trouble now.
Hang in there.
I'm sorry.
This is my fault.
This is all my fault.
That's the morphine talking.
No.
I could've done anything.
I was one of those
guys. like in school.
I could've done anything.
I could've gone to college.
I could've got a good job.
But. uh. I wanted it easy.
I knew what was going
on. about Moretti.
I'd say. it's not me.
I'm just some guy
moving numbers around
on a computer in a
fucking basement.
But I knew what was happening.
And I'm... I'm
so fucking sorry.
Um...
The paper that had
our names on it.
You know. with the addresses?
That's my mom's address.
Hey. don't worry about it.
Could you go to that
address. go see her for me?
Me?
Yeah. just go see her. please.
Tell her I did
something. you know.
that was good.
Just tell her I
did something good.
I don't know. make
some shit up. whatever.
Just. it would
mean a lot to her.
Please.
Yeah. All right.
I'll tell her.
Okay.
I did the right thing.
- US Marshals.
- Janine. it's Madolyn.
I need you to put me through
to Caroline Van Sant.
Oh. Um... Uh...
- Janine?
- Yes. one... one moment.
Harris. Coleridge here.
Coleridge.
I'll take it from here. Janine.
Thank you.
Look. I'm afraid it
looks like you were right
about Deputy Van Sant. Madolyn.
There was a car crash
and she was T-boned
leaving the office.
Madolyn...
She's dead.
Oh.
I'm so very sorry. Madolyn.
Fuck!
Well. I know the
other driver fled.
One of Moretti's. I'm guessing.
I'm headed over there right now.
- Are you?
- Yeah.
They must've been
waiting or I don't know.
Whatever I could do.
however I can help. please.
I know the two of
you were very close.
- No wonder you're in charge.
- What did you say?
You got this all
wrapped up. haven't you?
You got this all figured out.
Excuse me?
I know it was you.
I'm not sure where you're
going with this. Madolyn.
25 grand a month?
Check your records.
You got sloppy.
Oh. you wanna compare
records. Deputy Harris?
No one is gonna
believe a word you say.
A jury will.
- Careful. Harris.
- Careful?
- Be very careful. Harris.
You think I got
something to lose?
God damn it! You're
going fucking crazy.
Fuck you! Careful.
- Listen to me.
- You be fucking careful.
Deputy. talk to me. god damn it.
Calm down. Harris.
My pilot's calling. Fuck you.
I'll see you in New York.
Hassan.
Guess who we've got on radar.
Thank God.
You're 11 miles out and
looking good. Deputy.
Good.
Hey. do me a favor.
Hang up. put your headphones on.
and turn your radio
to frequency 121.5.
Okay. Okay.
Okay. hear me?
Handsome. confident.
ATC controller looking
for an intrepid pilot.
Handsome. huh?
Land the damn plane
and see for yourself.
All right. Deputy.
let's bring it in.
Okay.
Winston.
Hey. hey. Winston.
- Almost there.
- Good.
You!
Stupid. Why didn't
you kill me?
Hey! Why didn't
you just kill me?
Because I'm not like you.
Oh. yeah?
I'm gonna tear you apart
into tiny little fucking pieces.
They're gonna need the
entire forensics team
to identify you.
Oh. I'm gonna enjoy it too.
I might be high. but...
Is that another plane?
Hassan.
There's a plane tailing
us. Looks military.
Yes. solid copy.
It's one of ours.
They're going to
keep you company
the rest of the way.
It's a little protection.
That's good.
Protection?
What? You think...
You think it's there to help?
How exactly is it
supposed to do that?
It's there to protect
everyone else from you.
In case you veer off course
and crash into a
school or something.
- It's there to shoot you down.
- You're full of shit.
Who would you rather lose. huh?
The three of us?
Or a bunch of kiddies
playing patty cake
in a schoolyard playground?
Hell. Twig.
Ain't you some kind of
accountant or something?
Do the math. you dumb fuck.
He's full of shit. Right?
It's not gonna happen.
We're going to land this thing.
Don't worry. I'm
gonna land the plane.
I'm gonna enjoy this.
Hey. I see it. Hassan.
I see the runway.
Solid copy. Got
visual on my end.
Flight path is good.
Okay. Passing 1.500 feet.
Air speed's at 90 knots.
- Hassan?
- Yeah. I'm here.
Deputy. there's a
crosswind that kicked up.
I recommend we try
a practice run.
Winston.
Your chances of a
successful landing
improve with a practice run.
He's not gonna make it.
I barely feel a pulse.
- Still...
- We gotta land now.
I'm just trying
to bring you home.
but you're the pilot in command.
It's your call.
There's no time.
I'm not losing him.
I'm landing this plane.
I'm gonna enjoy this.
Okay. You are clear to land.
Line up your nose with the spot
on the near edge of the runway
and cut your
throttle back to 25%.
Throttle to 25.
I'm gonna enjoy this.
Deputy. altitude.
Altitude's at. uh. 1.000 feet.
- Flaps to full.
- Flaps.
I don't... I don't see flaps.
Hassan. where are the flaps?
It's there. A round gray lever
just to the right
of the throttle.
Got it. Flaps to full.
All right. Winston.
We're almost there.
Get off me!
Deputy. okay. even
out. You're drifting.
I ain't going to no
prison. You hear me?
Deputy. you copy? You're
drifting off course.
You need to even out.
What the hell is
going on up there?
Are those gunshots?
Deputy! Deputy!
Deputy Harris. are you still up?
- Yeah. yeah. I'm here.
- Oh. thank God.
Okay. okay. You're
doing great.
- Now back to business.
- Oh. shit.
The engine just died.
Hassan. the engine.
That is because you
are out of fuel.
That's a good thing.
You are less flammable.
Oh. Oh. that's a relief.
Besides. you don't need
the engine to land.
- It's probably easier without.
- Oh. fuck.
Just keep it steady.
We are nearly there.
Okay.
Deputy. still good?
Yeah. Yeah. Passing 600 feet.
This crosswind is
knocking you off course.
Step on the right rudder pedal
until you straighten out.
- You mean the left?
- No. it's the opposite.
Oh. my God.
Okay. better! Hold that line.
- All right.
- 500 feet.
Oh.
Pull back on the yoke slightly.
Okay.
100 feet. You got
this. Good luck.
Wait. that's it?
I'll see you on the ground.
We got a date. I'll
pick you up at 6:05.
20 feet. 10 feet.
Touchdown.
Oh. fuck!
Hey. Winston.
Winston. Winston!
Okay.
Hey.
Oh. cool. Did we land?
Yeah. we did.
Good job.
Ma'am. are you
okay? Are you hurt?
No. no. no. I'm not hurt.
Take him fast. He's
been stabbed twice.
He's lost a lot of blood.
Hey. we had another
passenger. Where did he go?
I'm sorry. ma'am. He was
flung from the plane.
He didn't make it.
Thank God.
Okay. easy with him.
- Nice and easy. Ready?
- He's lost a lot of blood.
- God.
- There we go.
Fuck off.
- Yeah. I'm good.
- You okay?
Thank you. I'm
fine. Thank you.
What the fuck? Oh. my God.
This fucking day.
Okay.
Milko!
Milko. what the
hell's going on there?
I said no gunshots.
I'm gonna ship you
back to Bulgaria.
you fucking moron!
Pick up. Pick up.
Milko. is it done?
No. Director Coleridge.
it's not done.
- Harris?
- But you are.
Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm